Tori.
Be quiet. my parents are gonna wake up.
I can't help it. I can't help it.
- I'm sorry.
- No. but you have to.
My god. Like. that one photo?
We look so good.
We're gonna be famous.
- Go. go.
- I'm trying.
You're so slow.
Tori.
- If my parents wake up. -I'm dead.
- Sorry.
So you texted your mom to tell her
- that you're staying over?
- All good.
Okay. Okay. I gotta pee really bad
and get out of this dress.
You do that.
Julie?
Hey. Randy. What's up?
Hey. man. something just came in.
This family really needs your help.
The reward is substantial. but...
I'm not gonna lie. man.
This one's bad. It's. like.
really bad. and i-i...
Kind of already told the
family you would help out.
Okay. Why don't you walk me through it?
All right.
Family was brutally murdered last night
in Hamilton. Montana.
The dad ran a hedge fund.
and the mother worked for a nonprofit.
Their 16-year-old daughter
was also killed. It's...
It's terrible. It's all over the news.
- I'm not sure I follow.
- Their daughter
had a friend that slept over last night.
Tori camp. She's missing.
And Tori was at the house
at the time of the murder?
Yeah. the police aren't
telling the parents anything.
- but if she's alive...
- Killer might still have her.
Exactly.
Look. I know this one's
already really messy. man.
but they're desperate. I
just sent you her photo.
And the parents are sure
she was spending the night?
Yeah. that's the last place
her phone was pinged.
Okay.
I'm about two hours out.
You tell the parents
I'm on my way. all right?
Mr. Shaw?
Got here as fast as I could.
Thank you so much.
We don't know what to do.
That's my husband. Andrew.
He's not in good shape.
Okay.
- Police give you any updates?
- No.
They're still processing the crime scene.
State police said
an FBI agent was arriving.
What does that mean?
It's not uncommon. multiple homicides.
I just want my daughter found.
I mean. if the monster
who did this has her. I...
I'm here now. I'm here to help.
Okay? The important
thing is that we move fast.
The police are searching the
surrounding area with dogs.
They think she's dead.
They're following protocol.
She's alive. I just know it.
Please.
Anything you can do.
When was the last time you
had contact with your daughter?
A call earlier
in the day. and then a text telling me
she was going to a movie with Julie
and then they were gonna
work on a history project together.
Do you have any reason to believe
maybe she wasn't being
truthful to you about that?
What does this have
to do with finding her?
I'm trying to find a motive.
trying to figure out why
somebody targeted this house.
Maybe they followed them back here.
maybe they were watching
the house all along.
Any timeline. any detail helps.
Well. maybe she was
lying about the studying part.
I never should have let
her spend the night here.
Okay. what makes you say that?
This isn't the right time to say this. but...
Julie was a bad influence on Tori.
I should have said no. but you try telling
a 16-year-old what to do.
None of this would have happened
if I would've just...
no. no. Hey. it's not your fault.
Okay? She could still be out there.
Right now. I need you to be available
- for the police...
- Okay.
And for the FBI with any updates. okay?
- You hear anything. you let me know.
- I can do that.
- I'm here.
- I-I've got this. I'm on it.
- Thank you so much. Thank you.
Hey. what are you doing?
Tori camp's parents
hired me to help find her.
That's the first I've heard of that.
Well. they haven't had any updates.
I think they're just waiting...
yeah. well. let me just
stop you right there.
There's no updates
'cause there's nothing new.
All right? I got three dead. one missing.
and no apparent motive. okay?
- There's your update.
- Well. if I can be
of any help at all. you let me know...
this is a crime scene. All
right? Law enforcement only.
Why don't you head
over there. with the other.
lookie-loos. okay?
FBI. Turn around. slowly.
Yeah?
Special agent temple.
You're in my crime scene. ID?
Back pocket.
Yeah.
Here you go.
I was hired to find Tori camp.
Guessing she's still missing?
Her parents hired you?
That's right.
Ex-cop or law enforcement. Mr. Shaw?
Neither. actually.
I get hired to find people. It's what I do.
Okay. Well. that still doesn't explain you
entering a crime scene where
evidence is being collected.
I think the killer was
here. watching the house.
- What makes you say that?
- Well. I'm guessing you think
the same thing. that's
why you're up here. right?
Not back at the house?
Go on.
Tracked his movements
up here. same as you.
I saw the. the pen that you put down.
I didn't touch anything.
What else?
I think he was wearing blue boot covers.
Probably to make sure he
didn't leave any evidence behind.
We found fibers. so. yeah.
State police and sheriff
think the killer exited
through the front into a vehicle.
I don't know. I think that's a...
- A misdirect.
- Well. could be. or some tic
or part of his ritual I'm not picking up.
I saw your badge said
"ssa." You a profiler?
We call it the behavioral analysis unit.
So he's done this before?
Well. that's what I'm trying to find out.
Yeah.
I think he was up here
for a while. Days. in fact.
Look here.
There's trampled leaves.
but there's layers of them.
He's been here a while. And then...
the same thing over here. You see that?
Okay. And...
I saw this here.
He cut some of these branches away.
right? So he could get a
better look at the house.
My point is. he came up here prepared.
Yeah. everything I've seen suggests
he selects his targets and then watches.
Like he's hunting.
He's waiting for the right moment.
That match your profile?
It does.
How many other
victims have there been?
At least two in the past six years.
One in darby. Montana.
the other in Cody. Wyoming.
In both cases. family is killed and...
He takes a trophy?
If it's the same guy. yes.
What'd he do with the
others? The. ones he took?
He dumps the bodies. but
we think he keeps them alive
for at least 24 to 36 hours.
Why?
To torture them.
You have a team on the ground yet?
No. My supervisor
doesn't even know I'm here.
Not yet. at least.
- Not a believer?
- I didn't say that.
But even if I do get her
to see it's the same guy.
it'll be a while before we
can get boots on the ground.
That's time Tori doesn't have.
I was hoping it wasn't him.
But your gut's telling you it is him.
If he came this way. he'd
have to have Tori with him.
Yeah.
Let's see.
It's a long way to the highway.
especially carrying another person.
Yeah. maybe not. Hold on. Come here.
This here.
Drag marks.
See that? Two of them.
fresh from last night.
I found something similar
in one of the other
cases. Couple theories.
Homemade drag litter.
My dad was a big hunter. He taught me.
Use saplings from the woods.
some rope. canvas.
Okay. so we're talking
about somebody who has
hunting skills. familiar with the outdoors.
I don't know about the hunting for sure.
but it's definitely the most efficient way
to move through uneven terrain.
There's a lot of ground
to cover if there's any hope
of finding Tori before it's too late.
Well. look. I just want to
help you in any way that I can.
I want to find that girl.
My priority as well.
What else you see?
Good. Here we go. Look.
These run east through
the forest. Right?
Must be where he stowed the car.
Well. he's had Tori maybe 12 hours.
Already done the math. which means.
if Tori's still alive.
she has less than 24 hours to live.
Please. please. I just want to go home.
No. no. please. Just
tell me what you want.
I'll do anything.
...
Please.
Stop.
There. that's better.
Any luck with that security footage?
Still waiting on a court order
to get the footage from the houses.
- I'm sorry. it's just protocol.
- No. I get it.
I might have a quicker way.
I don't want to know how.
but whatever you gotta do.
- do it.
- Yep.
What's up. man?
Any luck finding Tori?
No. not yet. I just sent you a pin.
A ways from the crime scene.
I think this is the spot
he used as an exit point.
All right.
Okay. I got two cameras on the homes
to the north and the south.
Can you get in?
Give me a beat.
Need to know if there was
a vehicle that stopped here
or just passed through.
I'm trying to get into the
north home system. but.
yeah. it looks like it's air-gapped.
Give me a sec.
Okay. I got into the other one. Hold on.
Okay. here we go. I got
one image. 2:37 A.M..
rv heading north.
That's great. Good
work. You got a plate?
Plate's all muddy.
I mean. I can only
make out a few letters.
Okay. with those letters.
can you get an ID from it?
Yeah. it's gonna take me a little bit.
but let me see what I can do.
All right. Thanks. Randy.
Appreciate you.
- Your guy get any leads?
- No. he's gonna let me know
- as soon as he does.
- Let's hope he gets lucky.
We find that rv. we may
have a shot at saving Tori's life.
Think we're gonna need more than luck.
You really want me to help you with this.
you're gonna have to tell
me more about this killer.
My best guess
is that he crosses paths with his victims.
leading him to follow them.
Makes sense. He fixates.
he studies and then he hunts.
Yeah. In both previous cases.
we have witnesses that claim
they saw an unidentified man
the day of the murder.
You share that theory
with the state police?
And waste time walking them through it
just so they can poke holes?
No. thanks.
I'll walk them through it
when we get something.
Well. as long as it doesn't bog us down.
This guy's been successful before.
He doesn't make a lot of mistakes.
It's our job to make sure we capitalize on
the ones that he does.
You know. one thing
doesn't quite fit the others.
The previous victims taken.
they were all members of
the family. The daughters.
So you think Julie was the target?
That's what I'm thinking.
Something must have
happened to make him pivot.
He improvised and took Tori.
I haven't seen the crime scene.
It's pretty bad. Coroner
just removed the bodies.
You could help me out if
you'd walk me through it.
I'm thinking. if Julie was the target.
there might be something
in that crime scene
that helps us understand where
they might have crossed paths.
The parents were sitting up in bed.
almost on display. indicating a killer
who was sending a message.
maybe someone with a
sense of moral superiority.
Parents were killed first?
We believe so.
Julie was stabbed and left on the floor.
Okay.
Doesn't match up with the parents.
That's why I think he
intended to take her.
She surprised him.
That's right. So he killed her.
then he switched his sights to Tori.
Tori's mother said that
Tori was spending the night.
Where were the girls staying?
In here. Julie's room.
Hey.
What the hell is he doing here?
He's with me.
helping to solve a case that you know
we have very limited time to solve.
Time you are wasting right now.
You're taking responsibility for him.
- It's on you.
- Yeah. that's right.
Yeah.
Let's get out of here.
Finding Tori is the
only thing that matters.
All right. Tori's mother said
that Tori and Julie went to a movie.
They came back here to
work on a history project.
No. they didn't go to a movie.
We checked their credit
cards. phones. Nothing.
So where the hell'd they go?
Wait a minute.
- What. you got something?
- Maybe.
It's the dress she was wearing.
How do you know that?
Take a look.
See the pine needles?
- Yeah.
- They snuck in through this window.
that dress got caught
- on the pine tree here. right?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
It's the same dress in these photos.
These were definitely
taken last night. The
background in these...
could be anywhere.
Wait. hold on.
She had her mother's credit card.
We pulled the transactions.
Let me see.
There you go. There's a charge
at permanent waves
hair salon at 6:00 P.M.
It's in missoula. it's
about an hour drive away.
Okay. if the killer was watching them.
somebody could've seen something.
- Let's go.
- Yeah.
You happy?
Looks great.
Good to see you. See you soon.
Hi. can I help you?
Yeah. we're looking
for a missing teenager.
Tori camp.
She was in here yesterday
- with her friend...
- Yeah.
Julie rozakis?
I took care of them.
Julie's mom Annabelle
is one of my regulars.
I gave them their blowouts. Cute girls.
Julie and her mother
were murdered last night.
My god.
Tori's still missing.
I'm sorry. I-I-I can't believe it.
They were just here.
You happen to see anything strange?
Someone who might've
been keeping tabs?
- No. no. no. nothing like that.
- What about.
an rv parked out front?
You see anything like that?
I mean. none that I saw.
but. you know. I'm pretty
elbow deep when I'm in here.
Possible. maybe. but
who drives an rv to a salon?
Did those girls mention anything to you
about what they might
be doing that night?
Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Yes. They.
they were really excited.
They were gonna get
professional photos taken
by a photographer that was
offering them modeling work.
I know. I warned them. But...
Teenagers. you know? It's...
What about a name?
This-this photographer.
No.
No. I'm sorry.
I mean. I wish I could be more helpful.
It's okay. Thank you.
Yeah.
Randy. talk to me.
Well. I narrowed down
the plate numbers to
find two rvs in the area.
- And?
- Well. one's registered to
a Debbie gilbo. 72 years old. retired.
And the other belongs
to a Nelson Reagan.
35-year-old guy from missoula.
two priors for sexual assault.
Okay. the Nelson guy.
what does he do for a
living? Can you find that?
Let's find out.
Okay. looks like he's a photographer.
Where's the rv now?
Registered to an address
across town from where you are.
Can you drop me a pin?
Did it.
Thanks. Randy. Hey.
- Found it?
- Might.
Okay. I'm not gonna call for backup yet.
If he senses us coming. it'll trigger him.
- He could kill Tori.
- Trust me.
It's happened to me before.
and I don't make the
same mistake twice.
Let's go.
Someone's out there.
I got this. you call for backup.
Hey.
Hold it!
Where is she?
Where's Tori?
I didn't do anything to those girls. okay?
Yeah. I took some pics.
As far as I knew. they were 18.
Besides. they were just glamour shots.
Nothing wrong with that.
Not talking about you
taking pictures of the girls.
Found this in your rv.
It was used to kill Julie rozakis.
Blood tested positive for her DNA.
I've never seen that
thing before in my life.
Well. then. how did it get there?
If it was in there.
someone must've planted it.
I'm being framed.
Where were you last night?
I was in my bed. asleep all night.
Okay.
So... Someone stole
your rv. murdered a family.
and then returned it in the same night?
Why don't you walk me
through that one more time?
There's nothing to walk you through.
Someone is trying to
make this look like it was me.
I'm telling you the truth.
So you didn't hear the rv?
The rv's parked on the
other side of the yard.
There's no way I would've heard it.
Don't know what else to tell you.
You know what? Lawyer.
I'm not saying another word.
Everything points to this guy.
I just need more time.
Time Tori doesn't have.
What's your gut say?
My gut? It's telling me
it's the first time he's
ever seen that knife.
Yeah. if I'm being honest.
Reagan doesn't really
seem to match the profile.
All of Reagan's patterns
are about manipulation.
luring in the young girls.
Our killer. he likes to hunt.
He watches.
If it was Reagan. he would've
just taken them from the studio.
Knife like this is hand-forged.
Walnut handle. high-carbon
steel. blade stamp on it.
"A.h." maker's Mark.
It's hand-made.
Well. maybe the killer planted the knife.
- Any hint of him doing that in the past?
- No.
No one was liked for the murders.
Theory was the killer was careful.
controlled every aspect of the killings.
He ever use a knife in
any of the other murders?
No.
they were suffocated.
daughters strangled and beaten to death.
He improvised here.
Goes along with your theory.
Julie surprised him. he made a mistake.
If we can find out who made that knife.
maybe we can find out who he sold it to.
Well. I gotta stay here.
play this one by the books.
All right. I'll let you know what I find out.
Okay.
Hey. Randy.
did you get any information
on that knife picture I sent you?
I scanned the blade stamp
and got the local maker.
Guy named Amos Harlow.
So maybe he sold it to the killer.
Can you send me an address?
Yeah. I just sent it.
Also. I did a quickie
background check on Amos.
and he is no Saint.
Ex-con. got a violent past.
Kind of guy you don't want to look at
the wrong way. you know what I mean?
All right. Thanks. Randy.
How you doing?
Wondering if maybe you
could help me with something.
Depends.
It's about one of your knives.
You a cop?
No.
One of your knives was
used in a triple homicide
last night.
I'm nothing to do with
anything like that. my man.
Just keep the shop.
Your daughter?
What's it to you?
The killer took a young girl with him.
He's still got her. We don't know where.
And I don't think she has much time.
All right.
How can I help?
Okay.
Here. this knife.
You remember who you sold that to?
I don't remember
offhand. but I keep receipts.
- Give me a sec.
- Yep. Thank you.
"G. Lee."
Think it's a fake name.
I only deal with cash.
I don't ask questions.
But if I remember correctly.
the guy who bought it
wanted it shipped.
Yeah. that is a very big
help. actually. Thank you.
Very much. You have a good day.
I got the address of the
guy who bought the knife.
Dropping you a pin now.
Please tell me you're
not on your way there.
Just about there. yeah.
Wait for me.
No. every second counts.
It'll be somewhere remote.
somewhere he can control.
- I'm right behind you.
- Be careful.
All right? Come alone.
We can't afford mistakes.
Yeah.
Please.
I don't want to. I don't...
Tori? Tori.
Tori. I'm here to help you.
Please. Please just let me go.
I'll do anything.
Please.
I knew you were gonna be trouble.
Did you know it was
me back at the salon?
Maybe you didn't want
that FBI bitch to know.
Wanted me all for yourself.
I mean. she took the
bait with that guy in the rv.
Saw it on TV.
They caught their pervert.
Where's Tori?
She's alive.
For now.
You know. I was gonna take her outside
to look at the stars one last time.
But now. I gotta clean up my mess.
No one's ever gotten this close before.
There's something special about you.
Not really. You just got sloppy.
You all get sloppy.
Maybe.
Maybe just a little.
But I'm gonna... correct that.
Just like I'm gonna clean up Tori.
Show her how the world really works.
You wanted Julie. right?
Yeah.
The way she was talking.
- But you took Tori instead. Why?
- Doesn't matter.
She's the same.
She's got that rot in her.
I've seen it now.
It's ugly.
The arrogance passed
down... Takes root.
I'm just one man. but
I'm doing my part to fix it.
Do you want to know how I found you?
Yeah. sure.
It's not gonna make a bit of difference.
Your knife.
It was handmade.
It was easy.
Yeah.
Who else knows you're here?
You show me Tori's alive. and I'll...
I'll tell you.
Or I could just cut off your hands.
Show me that Tori's alive.
Do it now.
I'll be right back.
Don't worry.
It'll all be over soon.
Please... Please just let me go.
Please.
Please. I'll do anything.
Anything but the hard work.
The hard stuff.
Do you even know what that is?
I don't understand what you're saying.
Your weakness. the
waste you've left behind.
The utter. useless
emptiness of your doll parts.
Gone.
Forever.
Please!
Please. Please. I won't tell anyone.
Please. please...
Please.
I won't tell anyone.
Tori.
Tori?
Okay. kid. talk to me.
Hey. can you hear me?
Hey. listen to me. Wake up.
Tori? Can you sit up?
There we go. Come on.
You're okay. I'm here
to help you. all right?
Look at me?
Let's get you untied.
Okay.
I gotta go out there. I
need you to stay here.
No. no. no.
Please don't. please don't leave me.
- Please. please.
- Hey. I'll be back.
I'll be back for you.
Don't leave me. please.
Trust me.
Stay down here.
Stay hidden and you stay quiet.
Okay.
I'll be back. I promise.
Come here. Okay.
Come on. sit up. sit up.
Stay with me. Look at me.
All right.
Got your clavicle.
Looks like it missed your artery.
Just calm your breath. okay?
Calm your breath. Put pressure on it.
Where is she?
She's right back here.
I don't know what to say.
Thank you.
You're welcome. Go be with your family.
Hey. sweetie.
I'm coming with you.
We saved her.
We did. Yeah.
Hey. Hey. Beth. you hang in there. okay?
There's just so many...
bad things out there.
I don't know. I just don't know anymore.
All you can do is your part.
It's not enough.
That family. they should.
they should be alive.
And Tori's alive because
you saw something.
You did your best.
That's all you can do. your best. right?
I think the world's a
better place because you...
You try.
Yeah.
I can accept that.
Captioning sponsored by
and Toyota.
Captioned by media access
group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org